---  
layout: default  
title: Ode To Sleep  
nav_order: 1  
parent: Album Vessel  
grand_parent: Twenty One Pilots  
---  

**Ode To Sleep**
<p>
Twenty One Pilots / Album Vessel
</p>  
----------------------------------------

**_I wake up fine and dandy, but then by the time I find it handy  
To rip my heart apart and start planning my crash landing  
I go up, up, up, up, up to the ceiling  
Then I feel my soul start leaving like an old man's hair receding  
I'm pleading, "Please, oh please!" on my knees repeatedly asking  
Why it's got to be like this, is this living free?  
I don't wanna be the one  
Be the one who has the sun's blood on my hands, I'll tell the moon  
Take this weapon forged in darkness  
Some see a pen, I see a harpoon_**  

Я просыпаюсь в хорошем настроение, но потом понимаю, что 

**_I'll stay awake 'cause the dark's not taking prisoners tonight_**  

**_Why am I not scared in the morning?  
I don't hear those voices calling  
I must have kicked them out, I must have kicked them out  
I swear I heard demons yelling  
Those crazy words they were spelling  
They told me I was gone, they told me I was gone_**  

**_But I tell 'em, "Why won't you let me go?  
Do I threaten all your plans? I'm insignificant"  
Please tell 'em, you have no plans for me  
I will set my soul on fire, what have I become?  
I'll tell 'em_**  

**_On the eve of a day that's forgotten and fake  
As the trees, they await, and clouds anticipate  
The start of a day when we put on our face  
A mask that portrays that we don't need grace  
On the eve of a day that is bigger than us  
But we open our eyes 'cause we're told that we must  
And the trees wave their arms and the clouds try to plead  
Desperately yelling, "There's something we need!"_**  

**_I'm not free, I asked forgiveness three times  
Same amount that I denied, I three-time MVP'd this crime  
I'm afraid to tell you who I adore  
Won't tell you who I'm singing towards  
Metaphorically, I'm a whore, and that's denial number four_**  

**_I'll stay awake 'cause the dark's not taking prisoners tonight_**  

**_Why am I not scared in the morning?  
I don't hear those voices calling  
I must have kicked them out, I must have kicked them out  
I swear I heard demons yelling  
Those crazy words they were spelling  
They told me I was gone, they told me I was gone_**  

**_But I tell 'em, "Why won't you let me go?  
Do I threaten all your plans? I'm insignificant"  
Please tell 'em, you have no plans for me  
I will set my soul on fire, what have I become?_**  

**_I'll tell 'em, you have no plans for me, I will set my soul on fire  
What have I become? I'll tell 'em, I'll tell 'em, I'll tell 'em  
I'll tell 'em, please tell 'em, you have no plans for me  
I will set my soul on fire, what have I become? I'm sorry_**  
