---  
layout: default  
title: Redecorate  
nav_order: 11  
parent: Album Scaled And Icy  
grand_parent: Twenty One Pilots  
---  

**Redecorate**
<p>
Twenty One Pilots / Album Scaled and Icy
</p>  
----------------------------------------

**_There was a wonderful structure to the city  
And it put my cares to rest_**  

У города была прекрасная структура,  
И это помогло оставить в прошлом мои заботы.  

**_Takin' inventory of his life  
Seein' snapshots chronologically in line  
Something told him he should look around and tidy up  
He collected many things but never quite enough  
Tried lookin' at it from a new perspective  
Flat on his back but he still heard the directive  
Orders from that corner where that shadow always lived  
Never asked permission, he just hopes that they forgive_**  

**_I don't want to go like this (Ooh-ooh-ooh)  
At least let me clean my room  
I don't want to leave like this (Ooh-ooh-ooh)  
'Cause the last thing I want to do is  
Make my people make decisions, wonderin' what to do, oh  
Should they keep it on display  
Or redecorate?_**  

Я не хочу уходить так,  
Хотя бы дайте мне убраться в своей комнате,  
Не хочу так уходить,  
Ведь единственное, что я хочу сделать - это  


**_Blankets over mirrors, she tends to like it  
She's not afraid of her reflection  
But of what she might see behind it  
She had plans to change her name, yeah  
Just not the traditional way, yeah    
Haunted by a couple big mistakes  
She covers all the dents with the way she decorates  
Then one night, she got cold with no blankets on her bed  
So she ripped them off the mirror, stepped back and she said_**  

**_I don't want to go like this (Ooh-ooh-ooh)  
At least let me clean my room  
I don't want to leave like this (Ooh-ooh-ooh)  
'Cause the last thing I want to do is  
Make my people make decisions, wonderin' what to do, oh  
Should they keep it on display  
Or redecorate?_**  

**_With the bells and the whistles scaled back  
Like an isolated track  
And he feels trapped when he's not inebriated  
Fair to say he's fairly sedated most days of the week  
He might have made it if he lived on a different street  
I repeat, scaled back and isolated  
He says he likes an open schedule, but he mostly hates it  
If you're running to his room, take a breath before you break in  
Put your ear up to the door, tell me, can you hear him saying?_**  

**_I don't want to go like this  
At least let me clean my room  
I don't want to leave like this  
'Cause the last thing I want to do is  
Make my people make decisions, wondering what to do, oh  
Should they keep it on display  
Or redecorate?  
I don't want to go like this (Go like this)  
At least let me clean my room (Clean my room)  
I don't want to leave like this (Leave like this)  
'Cause the last thing I want to do is (To do is)  
Make my people make decisions, wondering what to do, oh  
Should they keep it on display (On display)  
Or redecorate?_**  
- - -

**“Redecorate”** the closing track on Scaled And Icy, tells the story of three people and the thoughts that go through their heads before they die as they worry about the impact this will have on their families. These worries are symbolized by the future purpose of their bedrooms and as the characters will not be using them anymore, they feel the urge to tie up loose ends before they leave, something that can be applied to both personal belongings and emotional unfinished business.  
Frontman Tyler Joseph shared that “Redecorate” was inspired by an actual scenario where a friend of his preserved the room for their son who passed away, and that its message is important to him.  

**Tyler Joseph:**  
_I had a friend of mine whose son passed away and they would keep his room the same way that he had left it. I remember thinking how crazy powerful a story that is, and how it makes me wonder, like, ‘What will people do with my stuff?’ It can actually bring you back down to earth, make sure that you don’t make any horrible decisions. I’m realizing now how difficult it is to talk about, but this song is really important to me. I love the messaging of it, and I hope that our fans hear what it is I’m trying to say in it. Because it is a bit delicate, but it’s one of my favorite tracks and it’s pretty powerful if you let it.”_  

When I was putting this record together I knew two things: “Good Day” was going to be the first song and I kind of knew “Redecorate” was going to be the last one. On a sound design level “Redecorate” was the song I worked with [frequent collaborator] Paul Meany on, we did Trench together. I introduced this brand new, sparkling, happy, colorful record and I hope that people understand that the reason I’m ending it with “Redecorate” is that we’re headed in another direction after this. That is an intentional hint at what I want to try to do next. It’s not really a cliffhanger, but it is a precursor and lyrically it’s such an important song for me. I had a friend of mine whose son passed away and they kept his room the way it was. I started thinking about something as specific and simple as “What’s gonna happen to my stuff?”… everyone can understand that even though it’s simple and almost doesn’t matter it can actually be an impactful thought. “What happens to my stuff when I go? What about the things left behind?” And not just the stuff, but you naturally move to people. What about my family? What about my friends? I thought that was a powerful thought, something I’ve thought about before and I thought some people would relate to. I’m really proud of that one.  
